website/source/docs/commands/index.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Commands"
sidebar_current: "docs-commands"
description: |-
  Terraform is controlled via a very easy to use command-line interface (CLI). Terraform is only a single command-line application: terraform. This application then takes a subcommand such as "apply" or "plan". The complete list of subcommands is in the navigation to the left.
---

# Terraform Commands (CLI)

Terraform is controlled via a very easy to use command-line interface (CLI).
Terraform is only a single command-line application: terraform. This application
then takes a subcommand such as "apply" or "plan". The complete list of subcommands
is in the navigation to the left.

The terraform CLI is a well-behaved command line application. In erroneous cases,
a non-zero exit status will be returned. It also responds to -h and --help as you'd
most likely expect.

To view a list of the available commands at any time, just run terraform with no arguments:

```text
$ terraform
Usage: terraform [--version] [--help] <command> [args]

The available commands for execution are listed below.
The most common, useful commands are shown first, followed by
less common or more advanced commands. If you're just getting
started with Terraform, stick with the common commands. For the
other commands, please read the help and docs before usage.

Common commands:
    apply              Builds or changes infrastructure
    console            Interactive console for Terraform interpolations
    destroy            Destroy Terraform-managed infrastructure
    env                Environment management
    fmt                Rewrites config files to canonical format
    get                Download and install modules for the configuration
    graph              Create a visual graph of Terraform resources
    import             Import existing infrastructure into Terraform
    init               Initialize a new or existing Terraform configuration
    output             Read an output from a state file
    plan               Generate and show an execution plan
    push               Upload this Terraform module to Terraform Enterprise to run
    refresh            Update local state file against real resources
    show               Inspect Terraform state or plan
    taint              Manually mark a resource for recreation
    untaint            Manually unmark a resource as tainted
    validate           Validates the Terraform files
    version            Prints the Terraform version

All other commands:
    debug              Debug output management (experimental)
    force-unlock       Manually unlock the terraform state
    state              Advanced state management
```

To get help for any specific command, pass the -h flag to the relevant subcommand. For example,
to see help about the graph subcommand:

```text
$ terraform graph -h
Usage: terraform graph [options] PATH

  Outputs the visual graph of Terraform resources. If the path given is
  the path to a configuration, the dependency graph of the resources are
  shown. If the path is a plan file, then the dependency graph of the
  plan itself is shown.

  The graph is outputted in DOT format. The typical program that can
  read this format is GraphViz, but many web services are also available
  to read this format.
```

Commit message:

website: Initial docs for the new "providers" subcommand
This will be fleshed out later as part of more holistic documentation for
the new provider plugin separation, but this is some minimal documentation
for just this subcommand.

website/source/docs/commands/index.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Commands"
sidebar_current: "docs-commands"
description: |-
  Terraform is controlled via a very easy to use command-line interface (CLI). Terraform is only a single command-line application: terraform. This application then takes a subcommand such as "apply" or "plan". The complete list of subcommands is in the navigation to the left.
---

# Terraform Commands (CLI)

Terraform is controlled via a very easy to use command-line interface (CLI).
Terraform is only a single command-line application: terraform. This application
then takes a subcommand such as "apply" or "plan". The complete list of subcommands
is in the navigation to the left.

The terraform CLI is a well-behaved command line application. In erroneous cases,
a non-zero exit status will be returned. It also responds to -h and --help as you'd
most likely expect.

To view a list of the available commands at any time, just run terraform with no arguments:

```text
$ terraform
Usage: terraform [--version] [--help] <command> [args]

The available commands for execution are listed below.
The most common, useful commands are shown first, followed by
less common or more advanced commands. If you're just getting
started with Terraform, stick with the common commands. For the
other commands, please read the help and docs before usage.

Common commands:
    apply              Builds or changes infrastructure
    console            Interactive console for Terraform interpolations
    destroy            Destroy Terraform-managed infrastructure
    env                Environment management
    fmt                Rewrites config files to canonical format
    get                Download and install modules for the configuration
    graph              Create a visual graph of Terraform resources
    import             Import existing infrastructure into Terraform
    init               Initialize a new or existing Terraform configuration
    output             Read an output from a state file
    plan               Generate and show an execution plan
    providers          Prints a tree of the providers used in the configuration
    push               Upload this Terraform module to Terraform Enterprise to run
    refresh            Update local state file against real resources
    show               Inspect Terraform state or plan
    taint              Manually mark a resource for recreation
    untaint            Manually unmark a resource as tainted
    validate           Validates the Terraform files
    version            Prints the Terraform version

All other commands:
    debug              Debug output management (experimental)
    force-unlock       Manually unlock the terraform state
    state              Advanced state management
```

To get help for any specific command, pass the -h flag to the relevant subcommand. For example,
to see help about the graph subcommand:

```text
$ terraform graph -h
Usage: terraform graph [options] PATH

  Outputs the visual graph of Terraform resources. If the path given is
  the path to a configuration, the dependency graph of the resources are
  shown. If the path is a plan file, then the dependency graph of the
  plan itself is shown.

  The graph is outputted in DOT format. The typical program that can
  read this format is GraphViz, but many web services are also available
  to read this format.
```
