website/source/docs/import/index.html.md, before:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Import"
sidebar_current: "docs-import"
description: |-
  Terraform is able to import existing infrastructure. This allows you take
  resources you've created by some other means and bring it under Terraform
  management.
---

# Import

Terraform is able to import existing infrastructure. This allows you take
resources you've created by some other means and bring it under Terraform
management.

This is a great way to slowly transition infrastructure to Terraform, or
to be able to be confident that you can use Terraform in the future if it
potentially doesn't support every feature you need today.

## Currently State Only

The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources
into the [state](/docs/state). It does not generate configuration. A future
version of Terraform will also generate configuration.

Because of this, the behavior of importing resources into Terraform right now
is that after an import, if you run a `terraform plan`, Terraform views it
as an orphan (a resource with no configuration) and marks it for destruction.
After importing a resource you have to manually write configuration to match
the resource.

While this may seem tedious, it still gives Terraform users an avenue for
importing existing resources. A future version of Terraform will fully generate
configuration significantly simplifying this process.

Commit message:

command: require resource to be in config before import
Previously we encouraged users to import a resource and _then_ write the
configuration block for it. This ordering creates lots of risk, since
for various reasons users can end up subsequently running Terraform
without any configuration in place, which then causes Terraform to want
to destroy the resource that was imported.

Now we invert this and require a minimal configuration block be written
first. This helps ensure that the user ends up with a correlated resource
config and state, protecting against any inconsistency caused by typos.

This addresses #11835.

website/source/docs/import/index.html.md, after:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Import"
sidebar_current: "docs-import"
description: |-
  Terraform is able to import existing infrastructure. This allows you take
  resources you've created by some other means and bring it under Terraform
  management.
---

# Import

Terraform is able to import existing infrastructure. This allows you take
resources you've created by some other means and bring it under Terraform
management.

This is a great way to slowly transition infrastructure to Terraform, or
to be able to be confident that you can use Terraform in the future if it
potentially doesn't support every feature you need today.

## Currently State Only

The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources
into the [state](/docs/state). It does not generate configuration. A future
version of Terraform will also generate configuration.

Because of this, prior to running `terraform import` it is necessary to write
manually a `resource` configuration block for the resource, to which the
imported object will be attached.

While this may seem tedious, it still gives Terraform users an avenue for
importing existing resources. A future version of Terraform will fully generate
configuration, significantly simplifying this process.
